---
layout: default
---
# About
Greetings! My name is Weitai Kang (康伟泰).

I am a Ph.D. candidate in Computer Science at [Illinois Institute of Technology](https://www.iit.edu/). My focus of research area is Computer Vision (CV), especially **Multimodal Learning**:

* Visual Grounding

* Transformer explainability

* Foundation Model

If you are interested in research collaboration feel free to contact me at **wkang11@hawk.iit.edu**.

I work hard in order to go to the scene to watch the NBA.

# Education

Illinois Institute of Technology

* PhD in Computer Science, 2022 - 2026 (expected)
* Graduate Research Assistant at [CVM Lab](https://iitcvmlab.github.io/), Advisor: [Prof. Yan Yan](https://tomyan555.github.io/)

Sun Yat-sen University
* BS in Mathematics--Information and Computing Science, 2018 - 2022
* Previously majored in marine science, 2017 - 2018
* Outstanding student scholarship (for four years)

# Internship

* Tencent, Machine Learning Engineer Intern, 2021.10 - 2022.07
* SenseTime, Research Intern, 2021.07 - 2021.09

# Publications
[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=hDl0MkwAAAAJ&hl=en)
## 2022
* Upcoming...

# Projects

## Image Super Resolution
### Human Cyber Physical Intelligence Integration Lab, 2021.01 - 2021.02
* Research on transformer-based and HourGlass-based modal for image super-resolution.
* Image super-resolution residual statistics plot visualization.
* Build an advanced PSNR for better metrics

## Theory Analysis of Cosmic Gravity Based on Convolutional Neural Network
### Sun Yat-Sen University 2020 College Student Innovation and Entrepreneurship Training Program (National Level), 2020.06 - 2020.12
* Based on the VGG model and the Resnet_50 model, we classify the numerically simulated density fields generated by the three gravitational field models of the universe.
* Training set accuracy exceeds 0.9 and 0.91 accuracy on the test set.

## The application of machine learning in asset allocation
### 2020.05 - 2020.10
* Use lightGBM to predict the rise and fall of ETFs for the next week, select the best 10 ETFs from 297 ETFs, and make weekly
adjustments to maximize returns.

## Research on default risk of P2P online loan based on machine learning
### 2018.10 - 2019.05
* Build a Back-Propagation neural network to study the relationship between loan users' loan repayment status and the economic
status of their city. Obtained an accuracy of 77.6%.

# Competition
* Mathematics competition of Chinese College Student, Awarded Third Prize, twice in 2019 and 2020.
* China Undergraduate Mathematical Contest in Model, Awarded Third Prize, 2019
* Mathematical Contest In Modeling, Awarded Successful Participant, 2019

# Club
* Zhuhai Mathematics Association, Head of Planning Department, 2018.07 - 2019.06
